Logical drone agent project for use of drones in hunting enviorments with AR/VR 



### Requirements:

<li>datetime</li>
<li>os</li>
<li> pyttsx3</li>
<li> wikipedia</li>
<li> speech_recognition </li>
<li> webbrowser</li>
<li> sys</li>
<li> smtplib</li>
<li>requests</li>
<li>json</li>
<li>defflib</li>
<li>geocoder</li>
<li>pyjokes</li>
<li>psutil</li>
<li> pyautogui</li>

<h2>Required Packages</h2>

```
pip3 install SpeechRecognition
pip3 install jsonlib
pip3 install pyttsx3
pip3 install PyAudio
pip3 install geocoder
pip3 install loc
pip3 install wikipedia
pip install psutil
pip install pyjokes


```

### On Ubuntu based Linux distribution you need to install the following packages, so that the code works:

```
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install espeak

```

### What it does...
 

Logical Agents, Data Lakes, Game Engines, and Plants:
An Architecture for Biomass Production in Computer Controlled Environments. 
08.23.2021
─
Adam Dabdoub
Mona lisa Software  
466 Sunset Drive
South Lebanon, Ohio 45065
Overview
A key and complex part of a Computer Controlled Environment Farm management architecture is controlling and forecasting environmental data variables. With Food Deserts and more affluent worldwide populations, agricultural crop yields will need to increase significantly by 2050 ( Washington, heweitt, Dabdoub.) This leads us to two solutions. Indoor grow environments or greenhouses. The result of an extensive set of interrelated environmental variables influences a  greenhouse inner micro-climate by external weather conditions. It has to be tightly monitored, regulated, and, sometimes, forecasted. Today, Agricultural Sensor Networks (ASNs) and Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) are two of the most implemented  technologies to deal with this challenge. In this paper, we discuss architecture or set of methods for how using data lakes and Engineering methods, acting as a collector for sensor data coming from an ASN installed in a greenhouse, could be enriched with a Neural Network (NN) and Answer set programming (ASP)-based prediction model allowing to forecast a cultivars growth, environmental variable change based on biometric feedback and other actuating methods. 
Goals
 An explanation of the architecture,how it was used in practice, and why.
The second half being the background knowledge that went into consideration when designing this system. 
Specifications
For this experiment. We monitored the state of a greenhouse, multiple grow tents and even an acre of field hemp as well as aquaponic crops within the greenhouse. Each greenhouse is equipped with a set of sensors. General Temperature and humidity sensor, PH meter, EC Meter, Par Meter, Soil Moisture Sensor, Thermal Imaging camera, Hyperspectral Camera and a Kinect Camera USB. It is my understanding that Multiple thermal imaging sensors are placed strategically throughout the greenhouse and grow tent over a better overall data set. Thermal imaging equipped with Object detection algorithms can dect soil temperature for multiple plants at once vs a standard soil moisture sensor. If you combine the point cloud image generated by the Kinect camera with the thermal Imagine correctly, you can create a 3d map of the microclimates within a facility. This provides better overall understanding of biometric conditions and can help farmers when planning out training schedules and routines for different cultivars. Lastly one can use these same detection algorithms to detect THC on plants or individual leaf temperature. The temperature of the leaf can indicate the state of stomata and tell us if the plant is experiencing stress without the need to do any pheromone testing or waiting for the plant to show deficiency. 
Each Greenhouse and acre of hemp was equipped with an autonomous drone and rover agent. These are equipped with whatever sensors you desire, ours had  soil moisture, temperature and humidity sensors on them. The rover agent was equipped with a high powered energy light but that is outside of the focus of this paper. These agents would collect data autonomously and map out the 3D area in a computer/ game engine readable format to give better context to the situational awareness logic agent. These Agents run off MavLink and we create a bridge of communication between all agents and actuators and the ground control stations with MQTT. MQTT gives fast transfer of telemetry data and much more allowing us to send virtually everything over a server with various topics. To control the said software, we created a bridge between python, C# unity 3D, Amazon AWS and other bridges could be made. 
Types of interfaces used were VR headsets, Cell phones and Computers based on customer software. Aws Is a background for this type of architecture but not a requirement, we are just using AWS but if you can do it outside of AWS then by all means.  By ingesting process data at the edge and leveraging a large set of services in the AWS Cloud, applications can be developed to provide sophisticated insights for various operational and business stakeholders. First it shows Edge ingestions which provides an interface for ingestion of sensor readings, PLC tag data and Historian data, as well as for command and control with the edge gateway running AWS IoT Greengrass. Once this is done, start with edge processing. 
This provides a variety of capabilities such as conversion from various industrial protocols to a standard. Various types of data processing can include dead-banding (filtering out irrelevant fluctuations in tag readings), downsampling (reducing the frequency of collection of data that does not change rapidly). Other capabilities at the edge include data buffering (to avoid loss when cloud connectivity is unreliable), local data storage, local ML Inferencing (object detection and image classification). This block also ensures secure communication with the OT network on one hand, and the cloud on the other. AWS also offers Cloud ingestion endpoints and can be used with AWS IoT Core for sensor data, AWS IoT SiteWise (for PLC/Historian data points, Amazon Kinesis (for streaming data and video), Amazon S3 (for any generic data upload). These data ingestion endpoints in the AWS cloud facilitate the creation of a Data Lake. Data in the data lake can be cleansing, contextualized, transformed and enriched using AWS analytics services (AWS Glue, Amazon Athena, Amazon EMR, etc) to create datasets that can be visualized using tools such as Amazon QuickSight. After that comes Cloud point processing. Here, data is accessed from the Data Lake to perform analytics, generate and train AI/ML models, run inferencing & data visualization using AWS services such as AWS Glue, Amazon Athena, Amazon Redshift, Amazon SageMaker, Amazon QuickSight. ML models trained in the cloud can also be deployed to AWS IoT Greengrass running on the edge gateway for local inferencing. Additional custom applications can be developed for various user personas.


This is all fed into an ASP transfer agent. This ASP or Answer Set Programming language Logic agent takes the data and creates a logic problem out of the variables and solves it systematically and logically like a human subconscious and practically just as fast, Technically this agricultural problem can be as simple as ricochet robots or an NP-Hard problem where the only way to win is not to play. Each Agent is considered multiple agents in this exercise. A rover agent could have its own logic agent, a actuator agent, an obstacle avoidance agent and a task agent. This Agent of Combined agents or AOCA approach allows for autonomous tasking and communication without human intervention. So when an AOCA connects to a logic agent, it's an unmanned team with multiple heads. Two heads are always better than 1 but a hydra approach can also be good. 
As such, it allows us to profit from the benefits of Answer set programming. Starting from a plain encoding following traditional ASP planning (cf. [7]),  Establishing alternative encoding featuring several advanced modeling techniques. We further adapt encodings using a logic converting agent for applying optimization, incremental, and reactive ASP solving techniques. While optimization allows for computing a shortest plan smaller or equal than a given horizon, the incremental and reactive variants do not impose such an upper bound. We use the devised encodings to conduct a comparative empirical analysis addressing the following questions. How do modeling techniques affect the grounding and solving performance of ASP systems? Second, to what extent can algorithm configuration as well as multi-threaded solving speed up the search for an arbitrary or a shortest plan, respectively? Furthermore, how does (bounded) optimization with standard solving techniques compare to (unbounded) optimization using incremental solving? Finally, does reactive ASP solving benefit from proceeding over a series of rounds, rather than tackling them independently? Last but not least, we provide the visualization tool Saturnus that, given a stable model, allows us to inspect the corresponding AOCA in the 3D model on the screen and to interactively trace a plan described by the stable model.

Background
	Sensors are ambiguous. There are sensors for Air quality, temperature, and nutrient content of water, etc, these are standards. One should also think of cameras as being agricultural sensors to give A.I. more background knowledge on what is going on. Sensors are also expensive and we want to be sustainable. It is in my finding that microclimates in greenhouses are best measured by a few Thermal cameras. You can monitor more precisely where your environment is having issues and it is cheaper than using multiple types of temperature sensors to get an idea of air, canopy, and soil temps. Standard Cameras are also good. Using certain color spectrums available to computers(RGB) imaging can adequately take measurements of plant’s morphological traits such as biomass, height, width, color, number of leaves, and roots to estimate plant growth rate, health, nutrition status, drought stress, water-use efficiency, nutrient use efficiency, and early deficiency. Advancements in game engines and  3D imaging can additionally measure traits such as leaf angle and leaf area which affect the photosynthesis efficiency of the plants . This 3D imaging can also be used to measure flower's and bud's sizes. Different types of camera sensors such as hyperspectral, thermal, near-infrared (NIR), and fluorescent cameras are sensational for detecting biomass abiotic and biotic stresses [8–12]. While RGB imaging is a common feature in most facilities, some also offer fluorescence, thermal, NIR, or UV imaging. 
Whole plant biomass and growth rate at the seedling stage are traits that correlate well with early deficiency and can be estimated by HTP in cannabis/hemp. Higher early vigor is associated with higher water-use efficiency, nitrogen and phosphate uptake, and weed competition. 3D imaging with a NIR camera was used to measure early vigor traits such as leaf length and width and tillering in hemp. Thus, HTTP can aid in the evaluation of plants for early deficiency based on plant biomass and growth rate both in the controlled conditions and in the field .

Major limiting factors for HTP in the controlled conditions are access to an imaging facility or the Several custom-made affordable imaging systems have been developed for studying drought stress in other biomass biotic stress and magnesium deficiency in standard agricultural crops. In the case of missing sensor data coming from the ASN, the proposed prediction algorithm, fed with metro statistical open data (gathered from the DarkSky repository), could be run on the GW to predict the missing values. This can collect data point values and be implemented in the cloud to streamline data across the board, not just locally, and keeping it fast on a majority of devices provides the cost-effectively ware, to support the management of a greenhouse. Experiments  showed that the NN-based prediction algorithm can forecast Biomass data collection points such as PH, EC, humidity, temperature, ET. Using answer set programming, we can increase the speed of the prediction 10 fold. 


The Idea of putting AI behind crop steering environment lisn’t relatively new. It has been a proposed problem since the Idea of being in space. The new thing is the speeds of the supporting technology  and using answer set programming in conjunction with NN's and ASNs There in fact were an extreme amount of statistical models developed in the early 70s and 2000s. Albright et al. Stated “to gain full immersive control of a greenhouse environment is the main goal for sustainability in crop management. We must start investigating the environment deeper and use better methods to analyze micro-climates cost effectively and efficiently”.This is why we must come up with consolidating technology. From observation of hemp plants under Thermal imaging, I noticed that the plant biomass production was affected by daily canopy temperature, ergo leaf temperature.  If the climate of the greenhouse increased from around 25 C to 29 C a greenhouse microclimate model which can predict indoor and outdoor air temps, relative humidity and transpiration under the influence of the given ventilation and evaporation cooling systems. This idea was originally proposed by boulard and baillie.  I present a model with Computer vision and Supervised learning control systems and this can predict the environmental condition of a greenhouse such as the VPD or vapor pressure deficit, the relative humidity, inside condensation and more. Vollebregt [13]described a simple method for analyzing heat flows by combining steady-state heat balance calculations and an airflow simulation model near the greenhouse wall with the adjacent heating system. The optical and geometrical properties of the greenhouse surface determined the radiation absorption factor. This simulation model demonstrated that heat released by various unsatisfactory greenhouse variables and improper installation which is about 20% absorbed by the greenhouse wall and validated its' accuracy by comparing simulated and observed data. De Zwart [14] proposed a mechanistic dynamic model (KASPRO) with sixteen state variables including air temperature (considering unsteady-state balances) for greenhouse cover, air above and below a thermal screen, on crop canopy, near ground and six layers of soil, carbon dioxide concentration and humidity/water vapor or partial vapor pressure (mass balances were considered above and below a thermal screen). We follow this model as we include every sensor imaginable. The daily leaf wetness duration was derived from a one-dimensional numerical model [15] and hourly microclimate conditions such as leaf temperature, greenhouse air temperature, and relative humidity were measured for predicting an unheated greenhouse microclimate environment. Thus, a model derived from the Penman-Monteith equation can predict the linear relationship of hemp or cannabis transpiration and VPD with higher accuracy [16]. Pieters and Deltour [17] investigated the greenhouse solar energy absorbing efficiency for cultivating the year-round tomato crop inside a greenhouse. The solar energy absorption efficiency mostly depends on location and shape of the greenhouse. Moreover, most of the solar energy inside the greenhouse was absorbed by the plant community. The reduction of solar energy flux transmission due to the hemispherical drops further increases an energy demand by 2.8%. After many years of research, today simple ON-OFF actuators of crop-specific controllers for exhaust fan, ventilation opening, curtain, heater and water pump can reach the desirable set-points.


Various researchers carried out research to increase the crop yield, improve the yield quality or decrease the energy consumption for boosting the cost effectiveness for agricultural management and competitiveness in the market. The greenhouse type varies in structural shape, size, and glazing materials, and in the various types of equipment to fulfill the specific environmental needs of various crops. It is necessary to reduce the inside greenhouse temperature or regulate the temperature closer to the ambient temperature time for successful
crop cultivation during the summer. Lee et al. [18] reported that in new control concept based on
qualitative control approach enhancing the greenhouse crop yield. In this new approach, various control variables and their degree of uniformity are used as an indicator for the real-time thermal monitoring system and thus made possible the development of a precise control system for a greenhouse with a wide area. Furthermore, they proposed several alternatives for
greenhouse environment control based on a multi-sensor node system and recommending a more thermally stable cultivating environment. The experimental findings demonstrated that a simple change on the type of heating system can cause the 80% non-uniformity of
temperature. However, this nonuniformity is possible to reduce to 90% by controlling the microclimate heat flux. One of the several variants of the local heat flux control system is the mass flow control valve system which demonstrated the best performance [18]. The proposed
multiple sensor node systems enhanced the yield with better quality and reduced energy input cost. The availability of the diverse range of sensors and actuators and the recent advancement in wireless sensor technologies with miniaturized sensor devices, it is now possible to deploy Agricultural sensor network (ASN) for automatic monitoring and controlling the environmental
parameters in a Computer Controlled Cultivation Environment. The figure below shows the influence of environment control variables on a Computer controlled Environment  with sensors. 


Dragicevic [21] presents a mathematical approach for determining the optimum orientation of an uneven-span type solar computer controlled greenhouse for various climates. The main advantage of the uneven-span type solar in the computer controlled environment is that the maximum amount of solar radiation reached inside the computer controlled  greenhouse at all angles and degrees during the year compared with other shapes [22]. Dragicevic [21] experimentally validated the result and reported that both measured and calculated values are closely related with one another. From this model, it's revealed that EW
orientation received more radiation in the winter and fewer in the summer with small differences. Fig. 3
demonstrated the orientation and sectional details of an uneven-span shape greenhouse.


Enrichment of CO2 requires closing the ventilation and considering other sorts of cooling and dehumidifying mechanisms, although maintaining favorable microclimate inside a computer controlled greenhouse. For cooling and dehumidifying processes, the ventilation in most cases is considered by default. But this process contradicts with CO2 enrichment, as CO2 can escape through the ventilation openings. Effat et al. [23] formulated, solved, and analyzed a mathematical model for CO2 capturing performance of solar computer controlled  greenhouses, in both ventilated and closed conditions. Figure below demonstrates the computer controlled  greenhouse CO2 enrichment based conceptual model.


Singh et al. [24] constructed a naturally ventilated double-span computer controlled  (North-South direction) as shown in the figure above and described a microclimate model for cultivating cucumber crop involving heat and mass transfer between various elements of a computer controlled  and furthermore, evaluating the performance by comparing predicted and observed data.Singh et al. [25] reported that the leaf temperature of the cucumber significantly increased with height in the plant community. The maximum temperature difference between the leaf and air correlated with the maximum solar radiation. The canopy of cucumber plant intercepted more solar radiation than growing medium and due to this, the cucumber plant temperature was
higher than the growing medium. According to Hashimoto and Morimoto [26], Yang et al. [27], and von Zabeltitz [28], for adequate transpiration, the leaf temperature inside the computer controlled  should be higher than the air temperature by 5.0 to 10 °C with proper circulation. For optimal development, it is necessary to maintain the growing medium temperature within the
range of 16.9 to 22.9°C [29]. Combining automated, controlled-environment plant growth with high-throughput, non-destructive imaging and is representative of the next wave of phenotyping platforms aimed at relieving bottlenecks of phenomics data collection. Following data collection, image processing and trait analysis are the next barrier to understanding the underlying biology in high-throughput phenotyping data. Standardized methods for processing image-based, high-throughput plant phenomics data lag behind high-throughput sequencing analysis tools in part because of the variety of commercial and non-commercial platforms used, the numerous research focus areas, and the variety of species and treatments. There is a growing plant phenomics community (http://www.plant-phenotyping.org/) and an excellent database of both commercial and open-source plant image processing software (http://www.plant-image-analysis.org/; Lobet et al., 2013). PlantCV is a python api code set that has been shown to be easy for many biologists (Mangalam, 2002, Dudley and Butte, 2009), is compatible with a variety of image types and sources, and has a community that's very forgiving.
Conclusion 
This paper reviewed a sequential development of the computer controlled environment control system. Most of the recently developed computer controlled environmental control system is focused on optimization and integration of various sorts of sensors, low cost sensing and data
transfer mechanisms, active and passive heating-cooling systems, light diffusive computer controlled covers and cultivation techniques. A selective review of research has been conducted for assessing the sustainability and offers detailed insights into the different Technological
development and their influence on the optimum control of a computer controlled environment.
References 
[1] UN World Population Prospects Report Website,
https://www.un.org/en/development/desa/publications/world-population-prospects-2015-revision.html
[2] FAQ Website,
http://www.fao.org/3/ca5162en/ca5162en.pdf
[3] FAQ Website,
View publication stats,
http://www. fao. org/3/a-i2228e. pdf
[4] C. S. Allardyce, C. Fankhauser, S. M. Zakeeruddin, M. Griitzel, P. J. Dyson, "The influence of
greenhouse-integrated photovoltaics on crop production", Solar Energy, Vol. 155,pp. 517-522, 2017.
[5] A. Vadiee, V. Martin, "Energy analysis and thermoeconomic assessment of the closed greenhouse - The largest commercial solar building", Applied Energy, Vol.102,pp. 1256-1266,2013.
[6] D. Savvas, G.P. Giaquinto, Y. Twizel, N. Gruda,
"Soilless Culture. In: Good agricultural practices for greenhouse vegetable crops. Principles for
Mediterranean climate areas", FAO, Plant Production and Protection Paper, Rome, 2013.
[7] L.D. Albright, R.G. Reines, S.E. Anderson, P. Chandra, Experimental results of solar heating a brace institute style greenhouse, SEHG, USA; 1978.
[8] M.M. Peet, D.H. Willits, A.E. Gardner, "Response of ovule development and post-pollen production processes in male-sterile tomatoes to chronic, sub-acute high temperature stress", Journal of Experimental Botany, Vol. 48, No. 306, pp. 101-111, 1997.
[9] T. Boulard, A Baille, "A simple greenhouse climate control model incorporating effects of ventilation and evaporative cooling", Agricultural and Forest Meteorology, Vol. 65, No. 3, pp.145-157, 1993.
[ 1 O] T. Takakura, Climate under cover, digital dynamic simulation in plant bioengineering, Kluwer Academic Pub., The Netherlands, 1993. 
[11] T. Takakura, W. Fang, Climate Under Cover, Kluwer Academic Publishers, 2002.
[12] 0. H. Jolliet, "A model for predicting and optimizing humidity and transpiration on greenhouses", Journal of Agricultural Engineering Research, Vol. 57, pp. 23-37, 1994.
[13] H.J.M. Vollebregt, N.J.V. Baraak, "Analysis of radiative and convection heat exchange at greenhouse walls", Journal of Agricultural Engineering Research, Vol. 60, No. 2, pp. 99-106, 1995.
[14] H.F. De Zwart, Analyzing energy-saving options in greenhouse cultivation using a simulation model, Wageningen; 1996.
[15] T. Zhang, T.E. Osterkamp, K. Starnnes, Effects of Climate on the Active Layer and Permafrost on the North Slope of Alaska, U.S.A., 1997.
[16] P. Lorenzo, E. Medrano, M.C. Sanchez-Guerrero, "Greenhouse crop transpiration: an implement to soilless irrigation management", Acta Horticulturae, Vol.458,pp. 113-122, 1998.
[17] J. Pieters, J. Deltour, "Modelling solar energy input in greenhouses", Solar Energy, Vol. 67, No. 1-3, pp. 119-130, 1999.
[18] C.K. Lee, M. Chung, K. Shin, Y. Im, S. Yoon, "A study of the effects of enhanced uniformity control of greenhouse environment variables on cop growth", Energies, Vol. 12, No. 1749, pp. 1-24, 2019.
[19] M. Baek, M. Lee, H. Kim, J. Park, Y. Cho, C. Shin, "A Study on Greenhouse Management Framework for Intelligent Control Service of Greenhouse", 
[20]Schneider, D., Lopez, L.S., Li, M. et al. Fluctuating light experiments and semi-automated plant phenotyping enabled by self-built growth racks and simple upgrades to the IMAGING-PAM. Plant Methods 15, 156 (2019). https://doi.org/10.1186/s13007-019-0546-1,
[21]J. F. Humplík, D. Lazár, A. Husičková, and L. Spíchal, “Automated phenotyping of plant shoots using imaging methods for analysis of plant stress responses - A review,” Plant Methods, vol. 11, no. 1, article no. 29, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[22]D. Chen, K. Neumann, S. Friedel et al., “Dissecting the phenotypic components of crop plant growth and drought responses based on high-throughput image analysis w open,” The Plant Cell, vol. 26, no. 12, pp. 4636–4655, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[23]N. Fahlgren, M. Feldman, M. A. Gehan et al., “A versatile phenotyping system and analytics platform reveals diverse temporal responses to water availability in Setaria,” Molecular Plant, vol. 8, no. 10, pp. 1520–1535, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[24]S. Kipp, B. Mistele, P. Baresel, and U. Schmidhalter, “High-throughput phenotyping early plant vigour of winter wheat,” European Journal of Agronomy, vol. 52, pp. 271–278, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[25]T. Duan, S. C. Chapman, E. Holland, G. J. Rebetzke, Y. Guo, and B. Zheng, “Dynamic quantification of canopy structure to characterize early plant vigour in wheat genotypes,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 67, no. 15, pp. 4523–4534, 2016.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[26]S. Paulus, J. Behmann, A.-K. Mahlein, L. Plümer, and H. Kuhlmann, “Low-cost 3D systems: Suitable tools for plant phenotyping,” Sensors, vol. 14, no. 2, pp. 3001–3018, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[27]J. Li and L. Tang, “Developing a low-cost 3D plant morphological traits characterization system,” Computers and Electronics in Agriculture, vol. 143, pp. 1–13, 2017.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[28]D. K. Großkinsky, J. Svensgaard, S. Christensen, and T. Roitsch, “Plant phenomics and the need for physiological phenotyping across scales to narrow the genotype-to-phenotype knowledge gap,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 66, no. 18, pp. 5429–5440, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[29]L. Li, Q. Zhang, and D. Huang, “A review of imaging techniques for plant phenotyping,” Sensors, vol. 14, no. 11, pp. 20078–20111, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[30]N. Fahlgren, M. A. Gehan, and I. Baxter, “Lights, camera, action: high-throughput plant phenotyping is ready for a close-up,” Current Opinion in Plant Biology, vol. 24, pp. 93–99, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[31]M. M. Rahaman, D. Chen, Z. Gillani, C. Klukas, and M. Chen, “Advanced phenotyping and phenotype data analysis for the study of plant growth and development,” Frontiers in Plant Science, vol. 6, article no. 619, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[32]F. Fiorani, U. Rascher, S. Jahnke, and U. Schurr, “Imaging plant dynamics in heterogeneous environments,” Current Opinion in Biotechnology, vol. 23, no. 2, pp. 227–235, 2012.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[33]G. Lobet, X. Draye, and C. Périlleux, “An online database for plant image analysis software tools,” Plant Methods, vol. 9, no. 1, article no. 38, 2013.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[34]A. Hartmann, T. Czauderna, R. Hoffmann, N. Stein, and F. Schreiber, “HTPheno: An image analysis pipeline for high-throughput plant phenotyping,” BMC Bioinformatics, vol. 12, article no. 148, 2011.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[35]H. M. Easlon and A. J. Bloom, “Easy leaf area: Automated digital image analysis for rapid and accurate measurement of leaf area,” Applications in Plant Sciences, vol. 2, no. 7, Article ID 1400033, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[36]C. Klukas, D. Chen, and J.-M. Pape, “Integrated analysis platform: An open-source information system for high-throughput plant phenotyping,” Plant Physiology, vol. 165, no. 2, pp. 506–518, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[37]A. C. Knecht, M. T. Campbell, A. Caprez, D. R. Swanson, and H. Walia, “Image Harvest: An open-source platform for high-throughput plant image processing and analysis,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 67, no. 11, pp. 3587–3599, 2016.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[38]A. Patrignani and T. E. Ochsner, “Canopeo: A powerful new tool for measuring fractional green canopy cover,” Agronomy Journal, vol. 107, no. 6, pp. 2312–2320, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[39]R. A. Richards, G. J. Rebetzke, A. G. Condon, and A. F. Van Herwaarden, “Breeding opportunities for increasing the efficiency of water use and crop yield in temperate cereals,” Crop Science, vol. 42, no. 1, pp. 111–121, 2002.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[40]P. R. Ryan, M. Liao, E. Delhaize et al., “Early vigour improves phosphate uptake in wheat,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 66, no. 22, pp. 7089–7100, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[41]J. Pang, J. A. Palta, G. J. Rebetzke, and S. P. Milroy, “Wheat genotypes with high early vigour accumulate more nitrogen and have higher photosynthetic nitrogen use efficiency during early growth,” Functional Plant Biology, vol. 41, no. 2, pp. 215–222, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[42]N.-O. Bertholdsson, “Early vigour and allelopathy - Two useful traits for enhanced barley and wheat competitiveness against weeds,” Weed Research, vol. 45, no. 2, pp. 94–102, 2005.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[43]E. H. Neilson, A. M. Edwards, C. K. Blomstedt, B. Berger, B. L. Møller, and R. M. Gleadow, “Utilization of a high-throughput shoot imaging system to examine the dynamic phenotypic responses of a C4 cereal crop plant to nitrogen and water deficiency over time,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 66, no. 7, pp. 1817–1832, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[44]M. W. Ter Steege, F. M. Den Ouden, H. Lambers, P. Stam, and A. J. M. Peeters, “Genetic and physiological architecture of early vigor in Aegilops tauschii, the D-genome donor of hexaploid wheat. A quantitative trait loci analysis,” Plant Physiology, vol. 139, no. 2, pp. 1078–1094, 2005.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[45]M. C. Rebolledo, M. Dingkuhn, B. Courtois et al., “Phenotypic and genetic dissection of component traits for early vigour in rice using plant growth modelling, sugar content analyses and association mapping,” Journal of Experimental Botany, vol. 66, no. 18, pp. 5555–5566, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[46]M. L. Maydup, C. Graciano, J. J. Guiamet, and E. A. Tambussi, “Analysis of early vigour in twenty modern cultivars of bread wheat (Triticum aestivum L.),” Crop & Pasture Science, vol. 63, no. 10, pp. 987–996, 2012.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[47]J. Svensgaard, T. Roitsch, and S. Christensen, “Development of a mobile multispectral imaging platform for precise field phenotyping,” Agronomy, vol. 4, no. 3, pp. 322–336, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[48]F. Liebisch, N. Kirchgessner, D. Schneider, A. Walter, and A. Hund, “Remote, aerial phenotyping of maize traits with a mobile multi-sensor approach,” Plant Methods, vol. 11, no. 1, article no. 9, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[49]E. Fehér-Juhász, P. Majer, L. Sass et al., “Phenotyping shows improved physiological traits and seed yield of transgenic wheat plants expressing the alfalfa aldose reductase under permanent drought stress,” Acta Physiologiae Plantarum, vol. 36, no. 3, pp. 663–673, 2014.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[50]L. Chaerle, D. Hagenbeek, X. Vanrobaeys, and D. Van Der Straeten, “Early detection of nutrient and biotic stress in Phaseolus vulgaris,” International Journal of Remote Sensing, vol. 28, no. 16, pp. 3479–3492, 2007.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[51]J. F. Humplík, D. Lazár, T. Fürst, A. Husicková, M. Hýbl, and L. Spíchal, “Automated integrative high-throughput phenotyping of plant shoots: A case study of the cold-tolerance of pea (Pisum sativum L.),” Plant Methods, vol. 11, no. 1, article no. 20, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[52]Y. S. Chung, S. C. Choi, R. R. Silva, J. W. Kang, J. H. Eom, and C. Kim, “Case study: Estimation of sorghum biomass using digital image analysis with Canopeo,” Biomass & Bioenergy, vol. 105, pp. 207–210, 2017.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[53]R. Hunt, Plant growth curves: the functional approach to plant growth analysis, Arnold, London, UK, 1982.
[54]M. R. Golzarian, R. A. Frick, K. Rajendran et al., “Accurate inference of shoot biomass from high-throughput images of cereal plants,” Plant Methods, vol. 7, no. 1, article no. 2, 2011.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[55]K. H. Kjaer and C.-O. Ottosen, “3D laser triangulation for plant phenotyping in challenging environments,” Sensors, vol. 15, no. 6, pp. 13533–13547, 2015.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
[56]C. A. Schneider, W. S. Rasband, and K. W. Eliceiri, “NIH Image to ImageJ: 25 years of image analysis,” Nature Methods, vol. 9, no. 7, pp. 671–675, 2012.
View at: Publisher Site | Google Scholar
Copyright



## Contribution:

Thank you for looking at my project, it is still a work in progress. I am hoping this software can be used with law enforcement and other agencies to create AR/VR and voice controlled drones for the aid in rescue or for our troops as an autonomous hunter. 
# LogicalDroneAgent

# LogicalDroneAgent

# LogicalDroneAgent

